Performance guidance (#138)
IETF-OPSAWG-WG/draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis: draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis.md

   their mail server stopped functioning because of overload of the DNS
   cache resolver.

The impact of New Protocols or Protocol Extensions, and the results
of new OAM tools developed for the New Protocols or Protocol
Extensions, must be considered with respect to the performance of
traffic delivery and the availability of ongoing manageability. For
example, it must be noted if the New Protocols or Protocol Extensions
or the OAM tools cause increased delay or jitter in real-time traffic
applications, or increased response time in client-server
applications. Further, if the additional traffic caused by OAM tools
and data collection could result in the management plane becoming

> swamped, then this must be called out, and suitable mechanisms to

Reviewer: Not overthinking -- swamped is not a tech or friendly term. Overloaded, congested, etc. 
RFC 6192 uses "overwhelmed". That's probably best

rate limit the OAM must be provided. Consider three examples: in
Bidirectional Forwarding Detection for MPLS {{?RFC5884}} it is
possible to configure very rapid BFD transmissions (of the order of
3ms) on a very large number of parallel Label Switched Paths (LSPs)
with the result that the management systems and end nodes may become
overwhelmed -- this can be protected by limiting applying limits to
the number of LSPs that may be tested at once; notifications or logs
from systems (through YANG or other means) should be rate-limited so
that they do not flood the receiving management station; the
application of sophisticated encryption or filtering rules need to
be considered in the light of the additional processing they may

> impose on the "fast path" for traffic.

Reviewer 2: "fast path" or hardware path?  Again, maybe I'm being overly pedantic.

Reviewer: "Fast path" is not clear or descriptive enough. Which path? Processing path. I recommend looking at how RFC 6192 treats this.

   their mail server stopped functioning because of overload of the DNS
   cache resolver.

The impact of New Protocols or Protocol Extensions, and the results
of new OAM tools developed for the New Protocols or Protocol
Extensions, must be considered with respect to the performance of
traffic delivery and the availability of ongoing manageability. For
example, it must be noted if the New Protocols or Protocol Extensions
or the OAM tools cause increased delay or jitter in real-time traffic
applications, or increased response time in client-server
applications. Further, if the additional traffic caused by OAM tools
and data collection could result in the management plane becoming
swamped, then this must be called out, and suitable mechanisms to

> rate limit the OAM must be provided. Consider three examples: in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
rate limit the OAM must be considered. Potential options include: document the limitations, propose solution track(s), include an optional rate limiting feature in the specifications, or impose a rate limiting feature in the specifications.  Consider three examples: in
```
